kafka: update the kafka to 2.3.0 (#50)
kudobuilder/frameworks: repository/kafka/docs/latest/limitations.md

# Limitations

> 

Reviewer: Can we reduce all the 3-line-breaks to 1? The rest of your docs follow this pattern (and it's easier to read in code-form)

Author: done!

> Below is the list of parameters that can only be configured during bootstrap time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of parameters that can only be configured during bootstrap time:
```

**DISK_SIZE**, **STORAGE_CLASS** and **PERSISTENT_STORAGE** 

> These next storage related parameters cannot be changed. Resizing disk, changing storage class or switching between pesistent storage or ephemeral using parameters isn't supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These storage-related parameters cannot be changed after initial deployment. Repeat: using parameters to resize disk, change storage class, or switch between persistent/ephemeral storage is not supported.
```

### Resizing the PVC 

> Resizing the disk depends on the storage class of the Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resizing the disk depends on the storage class of your Kubernetes cluster.
```

> To resize the disk being used by a broker. Users can edit the `pvc` and expand the disk 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resize the disk being used by a broker, users can edit the `pvc` and expand the disk.
```
